we here are a comprehensive repair
cars
there and there and then ammunition
really products
hi profitability
we can't
compared to all previous us
professional pistols thursday 99 93
meters ganic on the arms that
guarantee reliability and
safety separates pressure
across the surface
the surface of which is in contact with the brush
was specially made of soft
rubber which is the maximum
smooths out
nineteen
safon stolok junction
scorpion
as balanced as possible
reducing the impact force
professional because of workplace
made from them in exactly the same way
they guarantee the next plenary
week users compared to
rubber cover between gun
but merge into the same
this system protects operators
electric is possible
comply with all international standards
security
ergonomic handle
contact nuisance
work facilitates grip facilitates
the job
even with the most intense and heavy
use as you can see no hands
nothing to do with tomorrow
Kiev competition
we are specially designed so
to balance the force of water pressure from
the gun
the operator can hold a gun
which along with that is more
special nozzle protection protects
40 surface capability
car does not forgive work